[♪...]
YUMA: Come on, come on, come on!
What could be
taking him so long?
ASTRAL: What could be
taking whom so long, yuma?
The deliverer...
of dreams,
and of hopes.
That does not help.
[Horn honking]
he's here!
Yeah!
Hold on...
Hey, wait up!
Don't ya have a letter
in your postbag for me?
The name's yuma tsukumo!
MAILMAN: Yuma, huh?
Let's see here...
Okay, right.
Here we go.
Let me just double
check this and...
nope.
There is no mail
for yuma tsukumo.
Have a nice day.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
BRONK: Good morning
to ya, my blue-Haired bud!
CASWELL: It was pretty
good until you showed up!
TORI: Looks like you woke up on
the right side of the bed today.
Every side's the right
one this morning,
and this here is why!
It's starting!
The world Duel carnival!
That explains it.
Yeah, you bet it does Tori.
This is gonna be the best
Duel tournament ever thrown!
Due in No small part to
what the duelists could win!
Not only will the Winner be
immortalized as a champion for
all of time, But they get a free
lifetime pass to heartland!
FLIP: And you'll really flip
when ya Hear the next part.
Mr. Heartland himself has
promised to grant the tournament
Winner one wish and make it come
True no matter what it takes!
Really?
I already know my wish.
It's gonna be to wish
for a hundred more wishes,
how smart is that?
Maybe you should just
wish for a less goofy hat.
Cathy: I know what I'd wish
for. A date with yuma...
so who here's competing?
Better believe I am, see?
What's that thing?
It's a heart piece.
It's what ya need to gain
entry into the duel carnival!
I got mine in the
mail just this week!
Me too!
Me three!
So everyone's in this.
Not everyone...
huh? What do you mean?
Surely you're competing.
Who me?
I'm passing.
Since when do you
pass on dueling?
Since today...
when the postman rode right
past my house without
giving me that heart piece!
Now the only flow I feel
is the flow of tears!
Yuma...
Please, you are embarrassing
me, and I am invisible.
That's how I feel,
invisible to the world!
I don't get it, why would you
be the only one left out?
Yeah...
does astral have any idea
what might have happened?
They probably require all
entrants to have some skill.
Kick a guy while he's
down, why don't ya?
Will someone Please
give me a hug?
Yuma, you did apply
for the event, right?
Apply?
Yeah, you know, fill
out the online app for entry.
Online app?
Like this one here
on the website?
Don't you see the
giant icon to apply?
Is that what that's for?
I kinda thought it was
just a cool little picture.
It is.
A picture showing you how
to apply for the tournament!
Oh...
it could've happened to anyone.
Actually no, this would
only happen to you, yuma.
At least now you will not
have to embarrass yourself.
Yuma,
quit moping.
Just apply right now.
Good thinking!
It just wants my name,
then my address,
and voila.
I'm all set!
Mr. Heartland:
Thank you for applying,
but registration is closed.
What?
Snooze, you lose.
Try again next year.
[screaming]
yuma, what are you doing?
Runnin' from my problems!
SHARK: Yuma,
what in the world are you doing?
What's it look like I'm doing?
I'm totally freaking out!
Lemme Guess,
this has to do with
the tournament?
Yeah, you wouldn't happen to
have an extra one of those heart
pieces, would ya?
Afraid not.
In fact, I don't even
have one for me.
What?
The only person I duel
for now yuma, is myself.
Cool.
Later.
Later, shark!
Yuma...
shark?
That's right.
Quattro: Long time
no see, Reginald.
I'm sorry,
everyone calls you
shark now, don't they?
That's right.
What's the duel card
supposed to mean?
I simply thought it might come
in handy in the duel carnival.
I'm not entering
the tournament.
Oh my...
you're still holding on to
that old burden, aren't you?
What burden?
Perhaps a story will
jog your memory.
It takes place during the
finals of a duel tournament.
Where you spied on your
opponent's deck and were then
disqualified.
You do remember your
opponent, don't you?
It was me.
So?
So there was more to your spying
then just wanting to win,
correct?
Mystery GIRL: Reginald... at
the finals... promise me...
that you'll win...
win for me,
you need to.
I don't blame you.
You wanted to win
so badly for her.
How could you resist my
conveniently placed duel deck?
Why it's almost as though that
deck was left out on purpose.
You mean...
you set me up!
Why you...
what's done is done.
And that includes
your duel career.
Because Ever Since that day,
you've been a no-Name nobody.
Whereas I have been winning
trophy after trophy
on the duel circuit.
That must make you feel like...
a loser.
No, I'm not!
So then prove it Reginald.
Face me in the world
duel carnival.
If you dare.
Oh, I dare all right.
[laughing]
Reginald will be participating
in the world Duel carnival
just as you wished.
Vetrix: Excellent, I knew
you wouldn't let me down.
Of course.
But still, I must ask,
does he really matter?
He's but an empty shell now.
Perhaps, but he still
has a part to play.
All will become clear once
I've gathered the numbers.
You'll see.
Very well.
Until then,
I'll just enjoy putting shark
through the Ringer again.
Please, I'm begging you!
You have no idea what
this means to me!
You have to let me
in the tournament!
RECEPTIONIST :I'm afraid there's
nothing I can do, young man.
But thank you for stopping by.
No, you don't understand!
This is a matter of life
and...and... and me being so
heartbroken I can't go on!
Yep!
Uh-Oh, here it comes!
My vitals are slowing...
my body can't take it!
Alright Then,
have a very nice day!
Nice day?
How can I have a nice day if
I'm not in the duel carnival?
C'mon, gimme a heart piece!
Pleeeaaase!
You certainly have to give
him points for perseverance.
Announcement: Welcome to all
duel carnival travelers.
Baggage claim is on the
lower level and all ground
transportation can be
found in terminal a.
Please enjoy your stay here in
our fair city and good luck in
the tournament!
Control ROBOT: Heartland city
population has increased by 158%
and continues to
increase every hour.
Did you hear that?
NISTRO: Duelists are
coming in by the droves!
This is better than we hoped!
DEXTRA: Are all
city systems online?
Security systems are
online and operational.
Network transmissions
are online and operational.
All service bots are
online and operational.
You hear that?
We're all good!
All of us except
for you, nistro.
What?
Just because things are running
smoothly now doesn't mean
they'll stay that way.
We must stay sharp.
Ha!
I'm as sharp as they come!
But you,
you're the dullest
knife in the drawer!
You're lucky I'm here to
pick up your Slack, dextra!
Oh Please.
That's enough, the both of you.
If This is going to work,
we need to work together.
Ah, Kite.
I've been waiting for you.
Kite: Why'd you
call me here, heartland?
I have things to do.
Yes, I know you're busy,
but not so busy that you can't
behold the spectacle, the glory
that is the world Duel carnival!
Look at them all.
So happy, so excited, so
completely and utterly clueless.
They have no idea the only
reason we've assembled them here
is to snatch their number cards!
And when I say 'we' I mean you.
After all, you're
the one that dr. Faker
is counting on most you know.
Don't let him down.
After all, there are many
powerful duelists competing.
Well you know what I say?
Bring 'em on!
Whatever Numbers
Kite here can't take,
I'll be more
than happy to nab.
Appreciate the offer,
but I got this.
See, he's full of
confidence just like me!
Cause he's earned it.
Worker a: Mr. Heartland,
there's a young duelist without
a heart piece who wants to
compete!
And I should care why?
Because...
he's been at the city gate
Since quite early this morning,
and I don't think he's going
anywhere anytime soon.
Please, I'll give you my entire
life's saving for a heart piece,
that's almost
seventy-Five cents!
It's him.
Send in more security,
take him away.
Right!
Hold it,
let's let the little
rat participate.
You know him?
No.
But you never know who might
have a number card these days.
I say,
are you sure you're not
hiding something, Kite?
The other day, there was a
mysterious explosion at a
heartland facility.
I don't know
anything about that.
All I care about
is gathering numbers.
Now please excuse me,
I have to go and prepare
for the tournament.
You're excused.
Orbital 7: Master Kite,
why didn't you report that yuma
was involved with that blast?
Quiet, or I'll power
you down permanently!
Sir, quieting down!
the only one I'm focused on...
is astral.
And I will have
my revenge on him!
Uh, you're not still
talking about me, are you?
As for yuma,
he is harmless.
Really?
Harmless?
Except to himself.
I am not leaving here until
someone gives me a heart piece!
I'm not kidding,
I'm a kid!
I've got nothing better to do!
Wow, several hours and
yuma's still going strong.
Yeah...
whoa, what's this?
Whoa, no way!
Is that Mr. Heartland?
It just can't be.
Hey dude.
Hey dude?
Not a good start.
Worker B: Mister.
It's mister heartland.
Mister?
Then what do they
call his dad?
Worker C: Say it!
Fine. Hey, missus heartland.
Mister!
Oh right, sorry. Mister.
It's just when I look
at the color of that suit,
I think missus.
No offense.
Anyway, now that I got ya here,
I was wondering if maybe you
could hook me up with a
heart piece, pretty please?
Yuma Should Really pick
his words more carefully.
I agree, it's just he doesn't
have that many to choose from.
My dear boy,
I have heard your plight, which
is why I've decided to come here
personally and give you...
this small gift.
Heads up!
A heart piece!
I finally got one!
Now I get to compete!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
What is that pendant there?
What... this?
It has a unique shape.
I guess.
It was a gift from
my mom and dad.
Was it?
there is something special
about this boy after all.
You must be excited, yuma.
This is what you've
always dreamt of.
A chance to finally become
a real life duel champion!
Yeah.
Yuma...
there is more to
it than just that.
This is a very big
tournament you are in.
And a big tournament means there
will be a lot of duelists.
Which means there could
be a lot of number cards.
Right, and with each one
we get, you get back a memory.
And to tell you the truth,
that's the real reason that I
wanted this heart piece so bad.
What do you mean, yuma?
I thought this was all about you
becoming a duel champion
for your father.
Yeah,
and it still kind of is,
but when I think about my dad
and all the things he's said,
I think it would mean more to
him if I dueled for something
else, an even bigger cause.
If I dueled for something
meaningful like a bond.
A bond?
Yeah!
Like the bond we have, astral.
Like the bond I've felt with
every duelist I've ever faced!
See, it's not about whether you
win or lose, dueling's about
something more
precious than that.
Something on a
whole other level.
That is not True for all.
Whatcha mean?
I mean Kite.
Losing is not an option for him.
And he does not
give second chances.
Yeah, he wins, I lose and
instead of dueling, I end up
drooling like a mindless zombie.
But don't you worry astral, I'm
not afraid of going head-to-Head
with him, 'cause
I could always...
yuma...
what's up?
Yuma...
if anything bad
happens to you I'll...
I'll...
hey!
Don't cry!
I'm gonna be just fine!
Like I'd be scared
of someone named Kite.
Please,
I'll make him beg like a dog.
Okay, relax.
I don't care what his name
is or if you make him beg,
I really just
care about one thing.
That you beat him.
And get outta this tournament
in one piece, understand?
Otherwise,
you'll have me to deal with!
Interesting. Dueling is about
something more precious than
winning or losing. Something on
a whole other level. But what,
yuma? What?
Choices, choices.
Man, it's hard to build a deck.
And I got a hunch
not just for me.
little brother, I promise you
things will be as they were.
Crowd: Check it out!
How fast are they going?
They must be going light-Speed!
Look at all those hearts!
They're so beautiful!
This parade is amazing!
Those floats are so cool!
I can't believe
it's finally here!
Yeah!
Welcome duelists to
heartland city. Welcome to
the world Duel carnival!
Now then, here are the rules.
The field of play
is the entire city,
and the first phase of this
tournament will last three days.
During these three days, if you
are challenged to a duel, you
must accept that challenge.
How do you accept a challenge?
Simple: You will Wager
your heart piece.
Lose your heart piece,
and you lose your spot here.
But if you win,
you win a heart piece!
Assemble All five pieces and
you'll have won a spot in the
tournament finals!
If you have further questions
about the rules, well,
that's just too bad!
Because I'm sure like our
viewers at home, I can't wait
another second to get started!
So let the duels begin!
Aww Yeah!
It's every duelist
for himself now!
See ya in the finals!
Wonder Who'll make
the first move?
Yeah,
and who that person's
gonna challenge!
STRIKER: Outta my way!
Move it!
Since winning this tournament is
my goal, I'll let my soccer ball
pick my opponent!
That looks like it hurt.
What's your problem?
This is a duel tournament,
not a soccer match!
For me they're one
and the same. Now then,
get up ball boy,
'cause we're duel
So, I'm first?